# Investment Portfolio Planning Project (ORF435)
A comparison of various portfolio allocations for achieving optimally pursuing down payment and retirement objectives.

## Problem Synopsis
"In our final project, we will work on the investment planning problem for Kim family. Angela Kim is Marcus’s wife and they plan to save for retirement and condo down payment. Mr.and Mrs.Kim are both 25 years old now and they aim to retire at 67, possibly deferred to 70. The down payment is $275,000 that needs to be saved in 10 years. The initial salary of Mr.  Kim is $125,000, which hebanticipates will grow at the rate 10% per year for the first 10 years and the inflation rate thereafter. Mrs.  Kim is still workingon her J.D. and the bar exam. She expects to start working at age 30 with an initial salary of $250,000 per year and grows at the inflation rate thereafter. We still assume that  the inflation rate is normally distributed with average of 2.2% and standard deviation of 0.3%. We  have  already  looked  at  Marcus’ retirement  plan  in  the  previous  homework.   Now  wewill analyze Angela’s retirement.  Propose a retirement plan for Angela considering her fi-nancial situation. Recommend the best strategy (clearly define what does the ”best” startegy means) in your opinion, together with the appropriate savings amount (as a percentage of salary) and the comfortable annual spending amount after retirement (likely 60%-80% of the final salary).
<br>
Now we will consider two goals together. They want to make condo down payment in 10 years and save for their retirement. Propose a plan to integrate these two goals and show how shifting savings from one side to the other affects their ability to reach their goals. Use the tools you have learned from the course, write a full recommendation report to theKim family as if you are an investment planning specialist. Please use the same dataset from the previous homework and think about the ways to make simulation scheme more robust. You can use the portfolio weights from the previous homework or can suggest a new strategy."

